# E-learning-App
A distributed Android application that processes examinations for a given university. 
Enable a student to register for at least 5 courses per semester and 10 courses per academic year. The system should print a report showing the courses for which a student is registered at any given time.
Enable two or more lecturers to enter 2 ASSIGNMENTS, 2 CATS and 1 Exam score for each registered student independently from their (lecturers’) devices. The entered data should be destined to the same cloud database. For the time being, it is assumed that each lecturer teaches only one course.
Enable the administrator to generate a report showing: a. Students who have passed all courses in a semester. b. Students who have passed all courses in a year. c. Students who have failed one or more courses in a semester and the courses that they failed (List of Fails). d. Students who have failed one or more courses in a year and the courses that they failed (List of Supplementary Examinations) e. Students who were not able to do examinations because of school fees or medical reasons (List of specials) f. Students who do not have marks (both CATs and Exam Marks) in at least one course. g. Students who registered but are missing marks in all the course. h. Students who are attempting a course for the second time (having failed in the first attempt).
Not allow a lecturer to edit marks entered.
Allow the administrator to edit the entered marks.
Print a summary of all marks scored per course (per semester and per year) per student for a class e.g CS 3.2, total marks for all courses per student, mean per student and a recommendation per student (e.g pass, fail, 2 supps etc).
